1.Arity HRM Pro
Features of Arity HRM Pro Web based Software:
Monitoring and tracking activities
Employee profile
Easy to manage location based Attendance
Download employee payslip
Advantage of using the HR Manager App:
Multiple Companies or Organization
Multiple Branch Management Company wise
Multiple Roles
Manage Multiple Biometric Devices*
Payrol Monthly, Daily, Weekly, Biweekly.
Get attendance reports data from Devices*
Management for attendance, leaves and Holidays
Management for wages, hourly, Monthly
Management for Late come Notification
Management for Chat with Employee
JOB Requirements Management.
Geo-Location based attendance**
Leave apply notifications**
Salary slip download option**
Check attendance logs**
Manually attendance**
and many.
The activities of each employee can be monitored by the Arity HRM Pro application.
So they will remain loyal to their respective works. This will not only increase their own effectiveness but also the efficiency of their HR team and productivity for the company.
Increase the efficiency of the HR team and management:

2.News Hunt
New Hunt is an Mobile app with intutive design and easy to read the major live news updates.
at single place readers can read various types category wise news headlines and detailed news 
from around the world. News Hunt try to provide a best news reading experience.

3.AI Chat - Arity
Essays,Resumes,Poems,Social media posts,Marketing copy, Emails, Fiction and nonfiction stories,
Beyond writing alone, AI Chat - Arity can read and analyze written text. Feed it a chunk of text and ask it to 
give you a one-sentence summary. Offer it your notes on an article and it can generate an outline or entire sections. 
Ask it to write product content. It can also translate — often with better results than other translators.

4.AI Image Generator
Using Ai Images Generator App tools is one thing but optimizing them for results and impact is another.
Here are 7 best practice tips for using Ai Images Generator App.
When creating an AI generated image, the description you use is essential to producing a great result. The better your description is,
the more likely you are to get an image that meets your needs.

5.Sidhhapura CRM
